Renewed Focus Mode images (#2488)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode.md

Focus Mode also provides a **Quick View** list, to open a second tool alongside the tool that's already selected in the **Activity Bar**.

> ![DevTools undocked in its own window, with the Focus Mode experiment](./focus-mode-images/focus-mode.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![DevTools undocked in its own window, in Focus Mode](./focus-mode-images/focus-mode.png)
```
for timelessness & to minimize dup words read aloud

> ![DevTools undocked in its own window, with the Focus Mode experiment](./focus-mode-images/focus-mode.png)

Reviewer: * Start article by showing eg Todo Demo on left, DevTools docked (not undocked in sep window like presently).
* Expand Quick View panel so "Quick View" is visible.  
* Red box on Quick View.  
* Red box on Activity Bar.

gh rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/pabrosse/focus-mode/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode.md#simplify-devtools-using-focus-mode

The **Activity Bar** is the most visible difference from the default user interface. Use it to open tools, help features, and settings.

By default, the position of the **Activity Bar** adapts to the location of the DevTools window:

> * If DevTools is undocked or docked to the bottom of the browser, the **Activity Bar** will be horizontal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When DevTools is undocked or docked to the bottom of the browser, the **Activity Bar** is horizontal.
```
prefer present tense

> * If DevTools is docked to the side of the browser, the **Activity Bar** will be vertical, and tool names will not be visible. This enables quicker tool access when screen width is limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When DevTools is docked to the side of the browser, the **Activity Bar** is vertical, and tool names aren't visible. This enables quicker tool access when screen width is limited.
```

The **Activity Bar** left-aligned in Focus Mode, with DevTools docked to the side:

> ![The Activity Bar left-aligned in Focus Mode, with DevTools docked](./focus-mode-images/docked.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Activity Bar left-aligned](./focus-mode-images/docked.png)
```
reduce dup text when read aloud (not certain how this UX design works for optimal UX)

> ![The Activity Bar left-aligned in Focus Mode, with DevTools docked](./focus-mode-images/docked.png)

Reviewer: show Elements tool, not Welcome tool, for familiar point of reference, for orientation

The **Activity Bar** top-aligned in Focus Mode, with DevTools popped out in a separate window:

> ![The horizontal Activity, with tool names and icons](./focus-mode-images/undocked.png)

Reviewer: in capture, change from:
Removing tasks: jllhilxy2
to like:
Removing tasks: Test 2
Here is a clean model, it just names the task "task":
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/get-started-images/devtools-extension-v211.png 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45407486/224152832-7be92b8e-2c18-4ba8-853a-ac5f869f6c93.png)

Author: Thanks for noticing this. I've actually removed those cryptic logs in the 3 images where they appeared.

> ![The Activity Bar top-aligned in Focus Mode, with DevTools popped out in a separate window](./focus-mode-images/undocked.png)

Reviewer: reduce number of alt-text words dup'd w/ body text?

> ![The Activity Bar top-aligned in Focus Mode, with DevTools popped out in a separate window](./focus-mode-images/undocked.png)

Reviewer: show Elements tool, not Welcome tool, for familiar point of reference, for orientation

### Warning and error indicators

> In the default DevTools user interface, a counter appears in the main toolbar showing the number of messages such as **Issues** recommendations and **Console** warnings. The counter could grow large when many messages ae generated, taking up valuable space in DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default DevTools user interface, a counter appears in the main toolbar showing the number of messages such as **Issues** recommendations and **Console** warnings. The counter could grow large when many messages are generated, taking up valuable space in DevTools.
```

> ![The default DevTools toolbar Issues and Console message indicators](./focus-mode-images/devtools-toolbar-message-indicator.png)

Reviewer: show Elements tool, not Welcome tool, for familiar point of reference, for orientation

In Focus Mode, this counter has been removed. Instead, small indicators overlay **Issues** and **Console** to display whether messages have been reported by the respective tools:

> ![Focus Mode message overlays in Issues and Console](./focus-mode-images/message-indicator.png)

Reviewer: show Elements tool, not Welcome tool, for familiar point of reference, for orientation

### Quick View

The **Quick View** list contains all tools that can be displayed alongside the one already selected from the **Activity Bar**.

**Quick View** replaces the drawer toolbar from the default user interface:

> ![The Quick View list in Focus Mode with a tool selected and opened in the bottom pane](./focus-mode-images/quick-view.png)

Reviewer: in a sense, Welcome tool isn't a tool, but a utility page.
show Elements tool, not Welcome tool, for familiar point of reference, for orientation

*  **Sources** tool (![Sources tool icon](./focus-mode-images/sources.png)).

*  **Network** tool (![Network tool icon](./focus-mode-images/network.png)).

*  **Issues** tool (![Issues tool icon](./focus-mode-images/issues.png)).

*  **Performance** tool (![Performance tool icon](./focus-mode-images/performance.png)).

*  **Memory** tool (![Memory tool icon](./focus-mode-images/memory.png)).

*  **Application** tool (![Application tool icon](./focus-mode-images/application.png)).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Pin and rearrange tools in the Activity Bar

You can choose which tools appear in the **Activity Bar** by pinning or unpinning tools. This allows you to customize DevTools to your preferred workflow.

Click **More tools** (**+**) to list all the available tools. Selecting a tool will pin it to the **Activity Bar**. It will be shown by default every time DevTools is opened.

![The More tools menu in Focus Mode](./focus-mode-images/more-tools.png)

If there isn't enough space in the **Activity Bar** to display all pinned tools, some tools may overflow into the **More tools** menu:

> ![The More tools menu in Focus Mode when the window is shorter, causing some of the icons to be displayed in the menu rather than the activity bar](./focus-mode-images/overflow-tools.png)

Reviewer: move the alt text up (and integrate it), to become a lead-in that's presented to everyone, and then have a short-as-possible alt-text, knowing that the screen reader already read aloud the body lead-in text.

> To unpin a tool from the **Activity Bar**, right-click the tool and select **Remove from Activity Bsar**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To unpin a tool from the **Activity Bar**, right-click the tool and select **Remove from Activity Bar**:
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Open tools from Quick View

> Use the **Quick View** to open a second tool next to the one already selected from the **Activity Bar**:

Reviewer: fts Findings about current usage fwiw:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45407486/223806777-33d40a47-0cfe-47ee-87fc-bc43a7507f36.png)

@captainbrosset  - for consideration: how good are these existing phrases?  this only shows hits that start with "the", like above screenshot.

the quick view list   4x
the quick view panel 1x
the quick view options 1x
the quick view pane 2x

> Use the **Quick View** to open a second tool next to the one already selected from the **Activity Bar**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use **Quick View** to open a second tool next to the one already selected from the **Activity Bar**:
```

1. Select a tool from the **Activity Bar**.

> 1. Click **More tools** (**+**) in the **Quick View** and select a different tool from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Quick View** toolbar, click **More tools** (**+**) and then select a different tool from the list.
```
maybe delete "the" or add a control-type after.  
Global comment.

The following screenshot shows the **Network** tool and the **Console** tool side-by-side:

![Focus Mode with the Network tool at the top, and the Console tool at the bottom](./focus-mode-images/quick-view-tool.png)

> You can hide or expand **Quick View** by clicking **Collapse Quick View** / **Expand Quick View** or pressing the **Escape** key. (![Quick view chevron toggle icon](./focus-mode-images/chevron.png)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide or expand **Quick View**, click **Collapse Quick View** (![Collapse icon](./focus-mode-images/collapse-quick-view-icon.png)) or **Expand Quick View** (![Expand icon](./focus-mode-images/expand-quick-view-icon.png)), or press the **Escape** key.
```
Current format: period then down-pointing chevron followed by period.
gh rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/pabrosse/focus-mode/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode.md#open-tools-from-quick-view

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Customize Focus Mode

The **Activity Bar** can be oriented vertically or horizontally to maximize usable screen space in a variety of DevTools window locations.

> To change the location of the **Activity Bar** click **Customize and control DevTools**, then select one of the locations next to **Activity bar location**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the location of the **Activity Bar**, click **Customize and control DevTools**, then select one of the locations next to **Activity Bar location**:
```
gh rendered: 
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/pabrosse/focus-mode/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode.md#customize-focus-mode
